my name is craig davis and i won the
sketch writing contest that was not my
testers and host budget I'm Sean
Wainwright Rankin my TV personality Ted
oh my god got chosen because at
consistent jokes one after the other and
had a very identifiable game not the
purpose of the sketches somebody gets
pulled over by cop and just he kind of
threw the course of the sketch it's
revealed that he's you know guy waving
speeding through a school zone but you
know he's on house arrest the guy just
keeps digging a grave for a deeper
deeper hole a terrible we can never side
with our it just is kind of a building
the toilet idea into the sketch we
actually just ones away from the cops
have naked all right so why aren't you
wearing pants okay okay let's just talk
about the elephant in the room I was
about to tell you I love here buddy eyes
up here I think the Lance Armstrong
speech is too long I don't think the
lantern changa zero fatigue syndrome I
don't think that'll play I'm thinking
too about the the logistics of doing
this on stage you couldn't do like you
can't have like I'm not quite sure how
to do a guide for long Marv may be back
that's some kind of asked to pass the
time
so I'm thinking about the dinner we do
some like that'd be a folding chair
couch with people on so I think maybe
the lack of pants be sort of a final
reveal to take it outta you so I did
take that take this war and take it out
on my own recovery who can say I get to
500 you know it's just like genuine know
this is not the first time stole my car
repainted input children and I think one
of the most important things you can do
is go through after writing the food
crafts of it go back through and really
identify if a line is actually either
moving going forward or creating a laugh
it's not doing I
no matter how much you love it you know
your ways always always want to end our
sketches on the biggest lab take the
biggest funniest thing put it at the end
and work backwards if you go out a
sketch is going to end before you start
writing and you're already halfway
always been a huge fan of esters and I
in the onions so to have you know have
acknowledgment from both of those
sources of Nestle intoxicating I feel
kind like Adele must feel the modern-day
adult I'm like I'm like Adele
you